OIDC configuration (#1375)
spectrocloud/librarium: content/docs/06-integrations/00-kubernetes-generic.md

| ``kubeadmconfig.postKubeadmCommands`` | A list of additional commands to invoke **after** running kubeadm commands.|
| ``pack.serviceDomain`` | The DNS name for the service domain in the cluster. Default: ``cluster.local``.|

## Usage 
  
The Kubeadm configuration file is where you can do the following:

<br />

- Change the default ``podCIDR`` and ``serviceClusterIpRange`` values. CIDR IPs specified in the configuration file take precedence over other defined CIDR IPs in your environment.

  As you build your cluster, check that the ``podCIDR`` value does not overlap with any hosts or with the service network and the ``serviceClusterIpRange`` value does not overlap with any IP ranges assigned to nodes or pods. For more information, refer to the [Clusters](/clusters) guide and [Cluster Deployment Errors](https://docs.spectrocloud.com/troubleshooting/cluster-deployment). 

- Add a certificate for the Spectro Proxy pack if you want to use a reverse proxy with a Kubernetes cluster. For more information, refer to the [Spectro Proxy](/integrations/frp) guide.

#### Configuration Changes

> The Kubeadm config is updated with hardening improvements, as a pod security policy has been removed.

Reviewer: If we are making this statement, what are the hardening improvements? Right now, it's a bit too vague.

Author: Added details from "Kubernetes Hardening" link that Vish shared.

| ``pack.serviceDomain`` | The DNS name for the service domain in the cluster. Default: ``cluster.local``.|

## Usage 
  
The Kubeadm configuration file is where you can do the following:

<br />

- Change the default ``podCIDR`` and ``serviceClusterIpRange`` values. CIDR IPs specified in the configuration file take precedence over other defined CIDR IPs in your environment.

  As you build your cluster, check that the ``podCIDR`` value does not overlap with any hosts or with the service network and the ``serviceClusterIpRange`` value does not overlap with any IP ranges assigned to nodes or pods. For more information, refer to the [Clusters](/clusters) guide and [Cluster Deployment Errors](https://docs.spectrocloud.com/troubleshooting/cluster-deployment). 

- Add a certificate for the Spectro Proxy pack if you want to use a reverse proxy with a Kubernetes cluster. For more information, refer to the [Spectro Proxy](/integrations/frp) guide.

#### Configuration Changes

The Kubeadm config is updated with hardening improvements that do the following: 

<br />

- Meet CIS standards for operating systems (OS).

> - Enable a Kubernetes audit policy in the pack that you can customize by adjusting API server flags. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Enable a Kubernetes audit policy in the pack. The audit policy is hidden, and you cannot customize the default audit policy. If you want to apply your custom audit policy, refer to the [Enable Audit Logging](/audit-logs/kube-api-audit-logging)  guide to learn how to create your custom audit policy by adjusting API server flags. 
```

Just a minor clean-up about the audit policy. Also, a good opportunity to cross-reference the audit policy guide Ross created and published in the 3.4 release.

Not in scope for this PR, but we should talk to Vish and see if we can publish the default audit policy. You can find the policy [here](https://github.com/spectrocloud/pax/blob/master/stable/kubernetes/k8s_1.25.8/hardening/audit-policy.yaml).

---
title: "Kubernetes"
metaTitle: "Kubernetes"
metaDescription: "Learn about the Kubernetes pack and how you can use it with your host clusters."
hiddenFromNav: true
type: "integration"
category: ["kubernetes"]
logoUrl: "https://registry.spectrocloud.com/v1/k8s-dashboard/blobs/sha256:2de5d88b2573af42d4cc269dff75744c4174ce47cbbeed5445e51a2edd8b7429?type=image/png"
---

import Tabs from 'shared/components/ui/Tabs';
import WarningBox from 'shared/components/WarningBox';
import InfoBox from 'shared/components/InfoBox';
import PointsOfInterest from 'shared/components/common/PointOfInterest';
import Tooltip from "shared/components/ui/Tooltip";

# Kubernetes

> The Kubernetes pack supports several cloud and data center infrastructure providers. This pack defines the default properties we use to deploy Kubernetes clusters and enables most of the Kubernetes hardening standards that the Center for Internet Security (CIS) recommends.

Reviewer: @ritawatson double check with Vish but we don't do any customization to the generic Kubernetes pack, so I don't think we can make CIS statements.

Author: Sent Vish a slack message to confirm.

Author: @karl-cardenas-coding Vish has confirmed this is correct and the second sentence re CIS is needed.

We also support managed Kubernetes distributions for Elastic Kubernetes Service (EKS), Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS), Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE), and Tencent Kubernetes Engine (TKE). 

> We offer Kubernetes as a core pack in Palette. 

Reviewer: My opinion, this statement feels redundant because by having this page it's kinda obvious that it's available in Palette. Or maybe the correct thing to say is "unnecessary". Again, just my opinion.

Author: You are correct. Removed sentence.

| ``pack.serviceDomain`` | The DNS name for the service domain in the cluster. Default: ``cluster.local``.|

## Usage 
  
The Kubeadm configuration file is where you can do the following:

<br />

- Change the default ``podCIDR`` and ``serviceClusterIpRange`` values. CIDR IPs specified in the configuration file take precedence over other defined CIDR IPs in your environment.

  As you build your cluster, check that the ``podCIDR`` value does not overlap with any hosts or with the service network and the ``serviceClusterIpRange`` value does not overlap with any IP ranges assigned to nodes or pods. For more information, refer to the [Clusters](/clusters) guide and [Cluster Deployment Errors](https://docs.spectrocloud.com/troubleshooting/cluster-deployment). 

- Add a certificate for the Spectro Proxy pack if you want to use a reverse proxy with a Kubernetes cluster. For more information, refer to the [Spectro Proxy](/integrations/frp) guide.

#### Configuration Changes

The Kubeadm config is updated with hardening improvements, and a pod security policy has been removed.

<br />

> #### Example Kubeadm Configuration File 

Reviewer: @ritawatson this YAML is for PXK. The generic k8s yaml is different for each provider and very minimal compared to PXK. So you can either. Create a tab and display each versions yaml, or just make a general statement about all of them.

I personally lean more towards the later option.

Author: Copy/paste error - the source for the file was the PXK doc. Removed the YAML examples and added this sentence:

"#### Kubeadm Configuration File 

The default pack YAML contains minimal configurations offered by the managed provider."
